                          DIGITAL PUBLIC SPACE LICENCE
                                  VERSION 1.0

You are encouraged to use the Works that are made available under this Licence
(the Digital Public Space Licence, version 1.0), freely and flexibly, subject
to a few conditions.

DEFINITIONS

  "Licence": the terms and conditions for use of the Works as further set out
  below.
  
  "Licensor": the copyright or database right holder (or an entity authorised
  by the copyright or database right holder) who is granting this Licence.
  
  "You": means the natural or legal person, or body of persons corporate or 
  incorporate, acquiring rights under this Licence.
  
  "Works": material which is made available under this Licence and which is
  subject to copyright or database right and which may include (but is not
  limited to) source or object code, databases, literary or artistic works.

USING WORKS UNDER THIS LICENCE

Your use of any of the Works indicates your acceptance of the terms and
conditions below.

The Licensor grants you a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive
Licence to use the Works subject to the conditions below.

This Licence does not affect your freedom to use the Works under fair dealing
or fair use or any other copyright or database right exceptions and
limitations.

You are free to:

  copy, publish, distribute, transmit or perform the Works;

  adapt or modify the Works;

  incorporate the Works into a collection consisting of multiple independent
  works;

  exploit the Works commercially -- for example, by combining it with other
  Works, or by including it in your own product or application which is sold
  for a profit.
 
You must, where you do any of the above:

  acknowledge the source of the Works by including any attribution statements
  specified by the Licensor and, where possible, provide a link to this
  Licence;

  ensure that you do not use the Works in a way that suggests that the
  Licensor endorses you or your use of the Works;

  ensure that you do not mislead others or misrepresent the Works or their
  source; and

  ensure that your use of the Works is not itself a breach of the law.
	
These are important conditions of this Licence and if you fail to comply with
them the rights granted to you under this Licence will end automatically.

EXEMPTIONS

This Licence does not cover the use of:

  personal data or official identity documents which might be contained within
  the Works;

  logos, crests, trademarks, or Royal Arms except where they form an integral
  part of a document or dataset;

  third-party rights the Licensor is not authorised to license to You; and

  Works subject to other intellectual property rights, including patents,
  trademarks, and design rights.

NO WARRANTY	

The Works are licensed 'as is' and the Licensor excludes all representations,
warranties, obligations and liabilities in relation to the Works, including
without limitation all representations and warranties in relation to their
quality, performance, fitness for purpose or functionality, to the maximum
extent permitted by law.

Neither the Licensor nor any party they are operating on behalf of shall be
liable for any errors or omissions in the Works and shall not be liable for
any loss, injury or damage of any kind caused by its use. The Licensor does
not guarantee the continued supply of the Works.

GOVERNING LAW

This licence is governed by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Licensor
has its principal place of business, unless otherwise specified by the
Licensor.

ABOUT THIS LICENCE

This Licence was derived from—and is intended to convey equivalent
permissions to-the Open Government Licence developed by the National Archives
and the controller of Her Majesty’s Stationery Office (HMSO) for use by the
public sector through the UK Government Licensing Framework (UKGLF). In
contrast to the OGL 1.0, the Digital Public Space Licence, version 1.0 is
intended to support the licensing of open data and other assets by any
organisation. This section does not form part of the Licence itself and is
included for convenience.

EXAMPLE OF AN ATTRIBUTION STATEMENT

You are not required to use the form of attribution below when publishing your
works, but you are encouraged to. This section does not form part of the
Licence itself and is included for convenience.

  Copyright (c) 2013 [your name]
  
  Licensed under the terms of the Digital Public Space Licence, version 1.0
  (the "Licence"). You may not use this work except in compliance with the
  terms of the Licence. You may obtain a copy of the Licence at:
  
    http://bbcarchdev.github.io/licences/dps/1.0

  Unless required by law or otherwise agreed in writing, the work distributed
  under this Licence is distributed on an 'as-is' basis and all
  representations, warranties, obligations and liabilities of any kind are
  excluded. See the text of the Licence for details of the specific
  permissions and limitations which apply to this work.

EXAMPLE OF A CONTRIBUTOR CLAUSE FOR WEBSITES

The below clause has been designed to be inserted into a website's terms and
conditions in order to ensure that contributors to the data that you publish
agree to their submissions being included within the data without specific
individual attribution. This is particularly useful where you are expecting
submissions from sufficient numbers of people that individual attribution
becomes unwieldy. This section does not form part of the Licence itself and
is included for convenience.

  By making contributions to this website, you agree to grant [website
  operator] a world-wide, non-exclusive, royalty free license allowing those
  contributions to be published, including as part of a composite work
  including other contributions from you and others, under the terms of the
  Digital Public Space Licence, version 1.0 ("the Licence"), and that you
  agree to those contributions being attributed to "[website operator] and
  its contributors".  You may obtain a copy of the Licence at:
  
    http://bbcarchdev.github.io/licences/dps/1.0

  Any copyright in your contribution will remain with you and this permission
  is not exclusive, so you can continue to use the material you contribute
  in any way including allowing others to use it.
